what's going on guys King Torrio here
and now we got some good news today
Bioware has announced that they're doing
a free new multiplayer DLC pack for mass
effect 3 so free is always good so let's
go get the vitals out of the way it is
coming out April 10th which is this
coming Tuesday and again it's free so
that's the best news of all or at least
it's free for a limited time and it's
going to contain two new maps one you're
gonna place be fighting on a moon called
firebase Condor and the other is going
to be firebase Hydra which is going to
bring players to an abandoned quarry in
colony all very cool some of the maps
kind of run together so hopefully this
will bring some new variety also with
the new maps we're going to have new
weapons we're going to get a new assault
rifle a harpoon gun and a gift plasma
submachine gun so anytime you're having
new weapons and new variables so the
multiplayer I think that's definitely a
plus and the next they're adding some
consumables they're going to be a
targeting consumable which will help you
with your headshots stabilization module
which will stabilize weapons while
firing and moving shield power shells
excuse me Power Cells which will shorten
the recharge time for shields and a
strength enhancer which will boost your
melee damage these are consumables you
can pick and you'll get the bonus for
one mission so they're not just
temporary bonuses well they are
temporary but you'll get them for the
full mission as long as you are able to
stay alive and not permit I and probably
most exciting there's going to be six
new characters which can be unlocked out
having a sorry just a car adept Krogan
battlemaster vanguard Batarian soldier
Batarian Sentinel get the engineer and a
Geth infiltrator all those sounds really
cool i know people get really excited
about the new characters so uh if i
unlock any of those early up on tuesday
i would definitely let you guys know my
postal video so you guys can see them
all of these can be unlocked in the new
packs called reinforcements packs I
don't know the cost of those if they're
any different or if they're you know
special Specter packs or or how that's
going to work I don't have any details
in regard to
all this sounds stuff sounds really cool
and it sounds even cooler that it's free
again it's coming april 10th free of
charge at least for a limited time so
make sure on april 10th you download or
update your mass effect 3 profile well
guys that's really all the info had on
the dlc so keep your eyes out for word
it's called the resurgent pack again
april temp right around the corner and
as always guys hit that like button hit
that sub button let me know what you
guys want to see leave me some comments
what you think and what you think where
you think mass spec should go from here
and that's it guys have a good night and
have a good weekend I should have some
new videos up this weekend as well so
that's it guys take care but